== It's a QuickBooks Web Connector QWC implementation in Java

This implementation uses wsimport (JAX-WS) to generate the interfaces for QWC Web Services.

http://download.oracle.com/javase/6/docs/technotes/tools/share/wsimport.html

=== QWC File example.qwc

The example.qwc is an example file, which is needed in order to add an application in the QuickBooks Web Connector.

This example is available on the QuickBooks Web Connector Programmer Guide.

https://member.developer.intuit.com/qbSDK-current/QBSDK7.0/doc/PDF/QBWC_proguide.pdf


 <?xml version="1.0"?>
 <QBWCXML>
   <AppName>WCWebService1</AppName>
   <AppID></AppID>
   <AppURL>http://localhost/WCWebService/WCWebService.asmx</AppURL>
   <AppDescription>A short description for WCWebService1</AppDescription>
   <AppSupport>http://developer.intuit.com</AppSupport>
   <UserName>iqbal1</UserName>
   <OwnerID>{57F3B9B1-86F1-4fcc-B1EE-566DE1813D20}</OwnerID>
   <FileID>{90A44FB5-33D9-4815-AC85-BC87A7E7D1EB}</FileID>
   <QBType>QBFS</QBType>
   <Scheduler>
     <RunEveryNMinutes>2</RunEveryNMinutes>
   </Scheduler>
 </QBWCXML>

	
You must change these values based on your own configuration.

Pay attention in AppURL, HTTP is only permitted for localhost, for the "internet" you must use HTTPS.

=== Usage

To use this implementation you only need to implement the com.cantero.ws.client.QBWebConnectorSvcSoap.

  @WebService(endpointInterface = "com.cantero.ws.client.QBWebConnectorSvcSoap")
  public class ItemQueryRqSoapImpl implements QBWebConnectorSvcSoap {

	
This gist https://gist.github.com/703886 contains an example implementation.

=== To run

Java SE version:

 package com.cantero.quickbooks.ws;
 
 import javax.xml.ws.Endpoint;
 
 public class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
   Endpoint.publish("http://192.168.0.137:54321/ItemQueryRqSoapImpl",
   new ItemQueryRqSoapImpl());
  }
 }

Spring version - app-config.xml:

 <bean class="org.springframework.remoting.jaxws.SimpleJaxWsServiceExporter">
 	<property name="baseAddress" value="http://192.168.0.137:9801/" />
 </bean>

 <bean id="ItemInventoryQueryRqWS"
 	class="com.cantero.atec.placar_online.quickbooks.ws.ItemInventoryQueryRqWS" />


=== More

I wrote a blog post (in portuguese) with a more detailed explanation about the integration beetween QWC and Java.

http://pablocantero.com/blog/2010/08/17/guia-pratico-do-quickbooks-web-connector-com-java

The blog post below (also in portuguese) shows the Java SE and Spring usage to run this implementation.

http://pablocantero.com/blog/2010/08/28/publicando-um-web-service-jax-ws-spring-mvc-3

